
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN"
        "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="hu" xml:lang="hu">
<head>
  <link rel="stylesheet" href="./css/xhtml.css"/>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Language" content="hu"/>
  <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <title>Videóleírás - A kapibara</title>
</head>
<body>
<div id="main">
  <h1>Videó leírása</h1>

  <p>(A Barcelona himnusza hallható, ahogy egy meccs előtt elhangzik katalánul.)</p>
  <p lang="en-US">The Barcelona anthem can be heard being sang before a match.</p>

  <h2>Eredeti szöveg:</h2>
    <p>Tot el camp</p>
    <p>És un clam</p>
    <p>Som la gent blaugrana</p>
    <p>Tant se val d’on venim</p>
    <p>Si del sud o del nord</p>
    <p>Ara estem d’acord</p>
    <p>Estem d’acord</p>
    <p>Una bandera ens agermana</p>

    <p>Blaugrana al vent</p>
    <p>Un crit valent</p>
    <p>Un crit valent</p>
    <p>BARÇA BARÇA BAAAAARÇA!</p>

    <p>Jugadors</p>
    <p>Seguidors</p>
    <p>Tots units fem força</p>
    <p>Són molts anys plens d’afanys</p>
    <p>Són molts gols que hem cridat</p>
    <p>I s’ha demostrat s’ha demostrat</p>
    <p>Que mai ningú no ens podrà tòrcer</p>

    <p>Blaugrana al vent</p>
    <p>Un crit valent</p>
    <p>Tenim un nom el sap tothom</p>
    <p>BARÇA BARÇA BAAAAARÇA!</p>

    <h2>Angolra fordítva:</h2>
    <p>The whole stadium loudly cheers</p>
    <p>We’re the blue and claret supporters</p>
    <p>It matters not where we hail from</p>
    <p>Whether it's the south or the north</p>
    <p>Now we all agree, we all agree,</p>
    <p>One flag unites us in brotherhood.</p>
    <p>Blue and claret blowing in the wind</p>
    <p>One valiant cry</p>
    <p>We’ve got a name that everyone knows: </p>
    <p>Barça, Barça, Baaarça!</p>

    <p>Players, Supporters</p>
    <p>United we are strong.</p>
    <p>We’ve achieved much over the years,</p>
    <p>We’ve shouted many goals</p>
    <p>And we have shown, we have shown</p>
    <p>That no one can ever break us.</p>
    <p>lue and claret blowing in the wind</p>
    <p>One valiant cry</p>
    <p>We’ve got a name that everyone knows:</p>
    <p>Barça, Barça, Baaarça!</p>
</div>

</body>

</html>